why not make the same argument about any library
what makes testing libraries special
why not just transform the tests then
never
'that crap' being mocha or any test framework
SubStack, besides the globals thing, what else
what os
let's just say I don't have root access. Is there a way to just get flock, configure it with --prefix=$HOME, and install that way
so its a bit like python in that it just gets run once, and each require uses the cached version
livinded, umm, so... no C coding
I'm doing some research for what sort of hosting providers would profide the most affordable, scalable infastructure for a node.js application/service. Has anyone here worked on a app/service that grew at a level similar to instagr.am; rapid burst of traffic in a small time period

ok, what would they target
llvm, x86, parrot, jvm
isn't that what NaCl is for
why wouldn't you just use the sandboxing of your operating system
you use your OS
chroot
what if you want to have setup code before the code is executed
alex4nder, link
If I want an in-memory key value store to be used with node.js, why would I use Redis when I can just use Node and a JSON object
So if I don't need that, are there any other advantages
SubStack — you still around
nowjs
porque
elaborate
Hey. Are you around
hey guys, was listening to NodeUp podcast from a while back and someone mentioned a one-line http server in a node module (like python -m SimpleHTTPServer) - anybody know what the name is
what if my host doesn't want to install it
Am I still high from last night, or is my package.json being minified when I'm not looking
BUT, what do you mean by minified
when
Did you run any commands or anything
What is your editor
yoda
fook I did
Is there an IRC for specific program like Unity3d
Is there an IRC for specific programs like Unity3d
how hard was it for you to create that browser version of stylus
before i go further, think its even possible to do true client side generation
Has anyone played around with the socket buffer size? it seems to be dynamic, but has really bad performance for ftp-uploading large files, it seems to be capped at 40KB, why is this
Which version of 0.8
how can I drop into the node cli in the middle of a script's execution
what are you trying to do
SubStack, are you talking about in an async env
how do you manage/config your servers for browserling
any projects you have that I haven't noticed yet
really? how many nodes do you have for browsersling? you run ec2
SubStack, that is some arcane code there, where do the `_` and `cb` references come from
Are we loving RequireJS or hating it
it does? since when
any hints
Will it cost money to send SMS text messages from Node
I meant to ask, how does the SMS protocol work, is it like email where I can just set up the email server on my VPS then start sending email
have you tried replacing connect.bodyParser()
is htere a better alternative
just use browserify and give people the output as an alternative
anyone using mason and buildpacks for deploying node.js applications
shouldnt it just have the raw data i posted with curl
No help installing node then
What do all these people do
is there a way to flush a cached module via require
require(path, reload)
ok so this json middleware calls "next(err)" if there is an error. is there a way for me to "catch" that in my app and just return a generic error mesage
do i just write my own middleware in the middle, and how
weird a the parent process which forks a child node process doesnt receive an 'exit' or 'disconnect' event unless process.exit() was explicitly called from the chlid
just try adding a middleware function of your own that all your routes call ? check to see if the first param is really a req or an Error obj
did you give it weirdo xml
What's the most proper way to check for an "exports" object to add Node.js exports to
module.exports or just exports
ooh... what's the difference between the two kinds of exports
Is there a non-jankety reason to do something like that
Huh, so if that's the reasonable thing to do, why have I been setting exports.someFunction = whatever for all this time
when is "exports" better than "module.exports"
when you have multiple things
I haven't had this problem
cause it's less typing, fuck it
what's there to know
then why are you using it at all
What libraries do people use to generate annotated source
… generate source code
I want to add a app.use block to my existing express app that'll check if there's a prefix in url and add it as a property to the request object and rewrite the url (and all other properties affected by that prefix) so that my existing routes keep working
does something like this already exist as a plugin or example

did you really read it
Hi guys, I'm getting socket timeout errors {"err":{"code":"ECONNRESET"}} at random times, does anyone know how to resolve this
@bnoordhuis  what do I do? Is it a bad thing
what are the potential reasons why my API server would hang up on my web server
is it a fairly common error
if your node instance died for some reason, what would you do on production to make sure that it restarts
ok so which one basically, forever, runjs, supervisor or always
hi, do you remember about the unix sockets issue I had yesterday? you said something there was monkey-patching. Could you point me where is this monkey-patching happening
I only find _handle.listen inside the _listen2 prototype... how does it affect my case as I was just creating a client socket
anybody knows something about it
any way around this
use a domain name that resolves? update your /etc/hosts
but wait... shouldn't localhost resolve because it's defined in /etc/hosts
depends - is your system mixed ipv4/ipv6
you in
Is it possible I'm using res.render incorrectly
maybe if you paste your code in a pastebin i can have a look
If i set a global within a module like `global.foo=3;` and then require that module in a second module, can I expect that the global env in that second module to contain all the globals in the first
are you using routes
maybe if you put a question mark at the end
have you console.logged req.params

i know the answer to this but i'll ask anyway - have you read the express documentation
not familiar with soap, can't you use something else? or are they providing you with soap
hmm.. how can I get the union between two arrays
jamescarr, array.concat
anybody know what the proper way to set Access-Control-Allow-Origin header for all routes when using connect is
kenperkins, if the parent process dies, shouldn't the OS clean up the child processes
I'm having a hard time running anything on the Express 3 beta. Is there a version of Jade that works with the new template API
ok. So in 0.26.3 I can "extend" another template instead of using a layout
and are there any examples of doing a dynamicHelper with middleware and locals
quick, what's a good url that produces random images
but it seems TTY is not emitting this event when I adjust the terminal window.  Is this most likely because the terminal isn't actually adjusting the row/cols of the emulated terminal device
that's definitely a bug.  post, please
Shouldn't the ignore file only come into play for publishing, not installing
hey, did you find a minute to review https://github.com/isaacs/read/pull/9
Is possible/difficult to get code coverage if running mocha in the browser
does the template engine system attempt to handle layouts (or wrappers, or whatever), or is that completely up to the engine itself
anyone can help with stream pipes not firing pause/resume
Is there a way to get at the content of the running script itself?  For example, if I wanted to provide the source code from my app, could I register a mount point in my app and then send back the text contents of the script itself
you want the entire source code, or just part of it
are you using a web framework (e.g., express)
will a Node project in CoffeeScript slow things down? Does it recompile on each request or when starting the Node app
Can anyone recommend a simple template engine to dynmically create *JavaScript* from a template
as in templated code
what are you trying to do
can't you just use js
and pass in a config object to a function or something
then inline the code? I dont see why you need a template to generate js
are you still doing CFA
you got an offer from fb, lol
cool. do you know ryan resella (think he left too, though)
which version are you using
although, starting to sound like you're maybe not using it at all
Hey, is there a way to use the readline module without having the characters typed echoed to the console
are you trying to have people enter a password
has anyone an example for a unit test using mocha and chai, testing for an exception
leiru, wrap the exception in a try/catch?  or is it in a callback
leiru testing for them as in asserting that something throws
is there a way in node to add a breakpoint or something so that when you run a script and hits the break point you end up in a node REPL
was it u
so knox doesnt use the streams api
does self.put ever return false
is there anything newer for s3
does http.ClientRequest().write() ever return false on writes
I understand. Do you have any idea how I could modify knox-stream.js write() so that instead of doing emit('data') I could actually call the destination pipe write() and get the return value
hey... say it is normal that nearly all npm installs fail because there is no node-waf with node.js 0.8
ok so node-waf is still supported on *nix although it now uses node-gyp
all packages or just the ones where authors care about it
Error: listen EADDRINUSE  and i have to kill the node process with kill command. is it just me
That's certainly not desired. Are you using cluster? And what version of supervisor
so im just getting started with node, ive installed the node-mysql module, and have been experimenting. i assume that the any node files will reside outside of the public_html dir (otherwise anyone could view the connection info). but then what i don't understand is how i execute them from my regular javascript app
austinbv, so say i have an insert.js, which reads some GET or POST data, connects to my mysql db, and inserts it. this file would live outside of public_html. but then how do i call it
what's an example of a really good use case for node
layers
